The Joe Rogan experience. You know what, they, they,
they did have a lot of jokes with Wang in it. Right. And I,
I really appreciate it. I love our music. It's beautiful, man.
Had us on the show, but he did one Wang joke. Right. That,
that me up. I talk about it real quick, please.
So I'm watching it. It's it's uh, so he did the three Netflix specials.
It was the first one. And so me and my wife, we excited, yo, Dave, boom,
we put it on and we watching it and we dying, laughing. And then he, uh,
he, he goes into the,
the scene where he does like he's at a party and he had the transgender dude
fall out and all that and everything. And then he, then he, he goes, you know,
he don't understand, you know, how, you know, how somebody do that? Like,
you know what I mean? Like what, what, what does somebody do? Just, you know,
did this chop the Dick off Tang bang? And they just keep going. I was like,
what, what the was that? <laugh>
finish me and my white folks. Like, we both kind of didn't say nothing.
Like for the first three minutes, you know, I just woke, kept watching.
Shot. Right, right. Right. Then it was like, what the.
Said, babe? What? You get that? No, I didn't get it. No, <laugh> right. So we,
so we didn't get it right next day.
Huh? Next day. I somewhere the meeting in the elevator and boom,
it hits me cuz it stayed in my mind. Right. I start dying.
Laughing what it was.
Punctuate. No. No. What,
so what was the difference with what you thought the joke did? You didn't get,
but what made you get it?
What made me get it was just the I'm trying to cause Dave is, Dave is a genius.
Yo right? His is crazy. Right? It's like a lyric. You gonna get the what?
When you get the rhyme. Right? Right. So what he was saying, he said,
he don't understand how a man chop his Dick off, said what a man do.
A man just goes.
Foul. The reason this.
Is, tell me what you got. I'll tell what.
I got.
What I got was the most gangster phrase you could say,
it describes the hardest you could do. Like it Wang.
You know what I'm saying? Right now. Cut your Dick off. No, take back like,
like now.
That's th now no.
One of your Wang did that. Exactly.
Hold on in. So now that's what it was did. So no.
So there's so there's a, there's a dude that was affiliated with, with us,
right? Don't.
Say affiliated, but he was a Wutang. He.
Was a Wutang say, hold on. Listen man. He wasn't part of the Wutang CLA okay.
Right. Clarity. All right, right. Hold on.
Now I gotta give you a test before we go further.
I don't wanna test. I agree with you. I agree.
With, I agree with you from slum, the shall and woo Tang, CLA likes again,
the R the J
dirty basket inspector deck, Ray qu the chef. You guard. Okay.
Gold space killer and met matter. And master killer in cap,
meth matter may qu in.
New York right now for the jets giants game.
Right?
Yeah. Yeah. So of course. Okay. That makes sense. Course. Of course,
CAPA Donna and master killer and a law mathematics and sometime even red man
street, life mathematics, follow me, but check it out. But this, so,
so we had other groups, we signed north star, actually signed north star.
I signed the black Knights, uh, both west coast groups, actually. So some,
some from long beach, some from Compton, you know, and, uh, you know,
made a lot of songs with them, talented young brothers.
So one of the members of the north star zoned out,
he zoned.
Out on some cases, zoned out one of them, drugs. You talk about zoned out.
And what they call him when you do it to I don't what they call it.
Yeah. Oh, there's a word for it though. What's the, what's the word?
When you do it, castrate yourself cast. Yeah. Had to get the word brother. Okay.
So now, now, so, so he castrates himself, right?
So now that's the first line of his joke.
<laugh> the first line is like, cuz this dude for no.
Reason, it was a call back. Yeah. Got.
So you got it in an elevator.
Yeah. I'm just walking on this in an elevator. I saying, oh. <laugh>
<laugh>.
It's a.
Delay. I'm it.
Joke when he hits you like 20 hours later. Oh my God. That.
Has a long.
Fued. Yeah. So y'all but Dave, Dave does got those kind of jokes. Oh man.
I remember when we were on the road, when that actually was the news. Right.
And he was like Wang, punctuated so much in anything,
whatever you do for, for anything Wang forever. Yeah. So when.
A member or at least an affiliated bro,
the w routine cuts off his deck and then he does it think.
He could have been, he could have been a, like a nephew, a woo.
You did he up in a woo nephew or.
Whatever, you know, what's so crazy about that incident. First of all,
that incident was very hurtful. You know? Like, you know? Yeah. Hell hurtful.
I I'm quite sure it's hurtful to him even literally,
but it was hurtful in the sense, like when it had happened, I was,
I was doing a TV show called gang related. Right. Oh. And so, you know,
like I would go like say it happened on the night it happened the next night is
a cast where the whole cast get together and this is the news.
This is like on every network, every TMZ, this is like, oh.
And I'll come in the room. And everybody's like, what the happened? Like,
you know what I mean? Yeah.
But I would tell you thing about it's like,
I don't know what you need to do to represent your gangster,
but cutting your Dick off is the most go hard.
A could hard right now. You that's like next level. That's.
Next level now, homie. So, so I had a buddy with me at the time,
Paul Banks from Interpol and we was working on the album and, and so he saw me,
he was like, Bobby, you look kind of the press. I said, yo, man, like,
I don't like the way this sound, man. Right. It's like, you know what I mean?
It is like the press. It feels, it don't feel right. First of all, I don't,
I don't think I found in the history of me or my study.
I never heard of a man chopping his own off. This is biblical.
<Laugh>. Yeah. So, so, so I'm already, even.
Though some people may have done it.
Know about it, this.
This is biblical. Turn it to yourself. Right. So my ha Parata.
And when he said to what he said, he is like, listen, he probably was really up.
Probably.
He said, he was, he said, yeah, nah. He was up.
He said his party. He said he was probably really up. I said, yeah, I said,
but then you know what I'm saying?
Then they say he jumped out the window out of a two story. Uh,
he jumped over the balcony of a two story, uh, barber building.
But then.
It gotta be, they said he jumped after he be moving. Yeah. After no,
not no disrespect to him.
Couldn't you Dick off jumping over and then hit full stride when he hit down.
No, no. So, so, so my man Paul said this, he said,
I think he was sober when he jumped.
How can you get that high? Check it out.
He said, I think he was sober when he jumped.
And he went on to gimme this whole story by one of his friends that would had a
problem. He had a cause he had to console me. Right.
Right now I'm kind of puzzle. So he's like, he's trying to up.
He's trying to console me. And he told me, I said, yeah, but he didn't die.
He said, yeah, he didn't die. Cuz he wasn't going to die. Like,
you know what I mean? So it gave me a little metaphor in my head. So he said,
I had a friend who used to drink and.
And one night he had a problem with one night he was in a hotel and he,
and he laid on the, the, the balcony of a window. Right. And then it said,
and everybody said, you'll get the off that. And the window's over and said,
he fall this way. He, he is going down 10 stories. But if you go this way,
just hit the floor. He's in the room. And that's the, that's the whole thing.
Right? He said that he went this way.
He went down every.
10 Stories, 10 stories gone.
But during the fall he sober it up. But when he hit the ground,
he didn't die. He became quadriplegic the Dick cut off.
No, no, no, no. <laugh> this, the, this, the, this,
the alcohol dude that's point point being made is that you ain't going go until
it's time to go. Right. Oh 1%. So, so you, you think you killing yourself,
it ain't happen. But if you cut.
Your Dick off and you survive that, that's the time to go, hold on, hold.
On. But, so, so the idea is, was he sober when he jumped? And so,
and I had the chance to speak to him, right? Uh, I sent him a Quran.
You know what I mean? I was like, I think, you know, you know,
you might have to get into some studies brother, cuz and you know, so, so, so,
so anyway, I sent him a Quran. Can anybody hold you down off of that?
And then I said, uh, I said, let me ask you a question. And the question was,
you know, did you know when you jump? You know, was, you said, yeah,
he's like for that moment, like it was everything else was whatever it was.
And you know, you could read his story and he says, why?
He says what happened in the story. But when he jumped, he,
that was the moment of sobriety. And, and for me that was like, now that's the.
When he jumped,
when he cut his Dick off that wasn't the moment of sobriety it's.
It's after. Okay. You know, when you ever do some, you ever been up. Yeah.
And you do some that, oh, oh like, like I, I had a really bad,
uh, sexual thing, mad, mad. It was one of 'em sex in the nights you, I was,
I was, I was coming up. I kind of,
I kind of had like a blanket over me when we was going to room to room girls.
It was like, it was one of them like bad sex drug in your system.
I'm everybody tonight.
I know what I'm.
It's.
And you just going room to room, give, find no kind.
I'm going hard body against the grain against the grain.
But then there's that moment like, oh, I up. Right.
I knew I up. Right. And you, and you get sober for about 30 seconds
and then the hot get back in. You go knock.
Like yo, yo, yo I'm alright. The dig back. The Dick is back.
Know where those loads went.
Anyway. Uh, anyway, that's my that's that's it, but so.
Jumped, but didn't he glue his Dick back on the stitched it back on. Right?
Did Jamie it fixed it? It's all good.
Bro. Is that true? Yeah. I, I stopped following the story after that in.
Yeah, that was after that joke. I was like that. That was just thank.
God. The surgeons. Thank God for scientists. Thank, thank God for I'm I'm.
You though. That's like forever will be the most gangy you can do Ang.
Shop your Dick over and say Tang. <laugh>.
That dude. They Chappel say.
That because he's gonna film it.
Now they got a world star hoping that Dave season.